we are about to build our Dream living
room we're going to spend the next 5
minutes finding the most cozy Furniture
slick decor and high-tech gadgets we
possibly can and then we're going to
fuse them all together into a place
where you can just chillax to the max so
let's start with all the tech to be
honest we don't even need to shop for
this I think we know what TV we're
getting yeah it's got to be the frame
frame TV every time I see it I never
realize it's actually a TV until someone
turns it on it does look shockingly like
a real piece of art and you can change
it you can have art you can have photos
okay let's pull the trigger expensive
start okay so speakers we could do
ceiling speakers we could do like a
sound bar across the bottom do you know
what I think I think because this is
like the room where you're going to want
to just recline and get blasted by
what's a cool thing to listen to I I
just feel like this this is a really
cool room to have like big floorstanding
high-fi speakers bank and olison I'm
curious what they would do man I
normally feel like bang an olivon gets
it right but that it's the culmination
of B's wildest dreams nightmares you got
kef they also make really really good
speakers oh yeah so Meridian the same
company who's doing the audio in our
Cinema room they also have floor
standing speakers let me just get the
Meridian Meridian natural nut and Seed
Butters I've actually had those they're
really good oh already audio okay so you
can go gloss black satin white honestly
like these figures are so so expensive
but this has been like one of my dream
things to O for a really long time so
right after we filmed this spying
section we actually went to go check out
this Meridian floor Stander in person
and I fell in love not even just with
the sound but the engineering like you
see this separate head that you have for
your higher notes this thing is so
isolated from the main body that I was
able to balance a coin sideways while
the thing was still blasting at full
volume so we got them okay lighting so
we've tried quite a few different
Lighting systems in our old house we've
tried goie Nano Leaf um lifx the best
one in my experience has always has been
Phillips okay so Phillips H they're
definitely very expensive for what they
are every time you see one of their
bulbs you just think my God like $40
what is it made of yeah what is it made
of
exactly think we want a couple of like
maybe in the corner here oh in the
corners of the room just kind of
bleeding onto the wall oh that oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah that's interesting there
it is and it's got
wood and it's got and it's got a wooden
base and it's got a high Hefty price wow
such a good match for the room that it
would be rude not to yeah I agree so
table lights there's actually quite a
few different
options what are we doing I don't know
let's get some irises light strips do we
want any light strips underneath the
sofas under the sofa I think makes a lot
of sense give it that kind of floating
feel the only Annoying Thing about
Phillips is you then also have to buy a
separate Hue Bridge it's a necessary
evil I think that's all the lighting we
need what else do we need in this room I
was thinking some kind of really nice
scent diffuser so I found them called
the hotel collection wa our Tower scent
diffuser uses Cutting Edge cold air
diffusion technology it's called Mist so
each of these oil refills is inspired by
the scents in different famous hotels
Star Wars The Empire so it's high-end
hotels or smell like Star
Wars or on Earth you can choose to smell
like deed ey or Sith can you imagine in
the movie they pull out their lights him
as they're like what are you weing I
think we should get the dark side it's
also buy one get one 80% off so I feel
like that makes a lot of sense okay
let's do it what else do we need in this
room what are you thinking like what is
this room this room's kind of like a
happy place isn't it you know board
games
books Pokémon well we've been looking
for a place to C all of the stuff we
have we have the Pokémon binders the
cards the plushies should I bring the I
don't know what you're talking
about a few moments later we have the
plushies oh the these are adorable let's
get Pokémon into this room I'm actually
on board I think we could do it in a
really nice subtle way or not subtle
imagine if we had like a cabinet
spanning that entire wall and it's just
filled with just things that we find fun
like Pokémon if you would like to look
for some Pokémon stuff I'm okay with
that oh Pokémon Center that's what I'm
going to find you doing I really like we
lord it's really cool Pokémon I'm on
board I'm going to call your Blu R add
to baset well I was saying maybe this
can be you know when um Jo do as
montages I think that's it now for stuff
okay that was fair let's do Furniture we
found what looked like the perfect place
online but um it's a good thing it's was
an interior design place the game plan
for this visit was to leave with our
Dream sofa coffee table side chairs and
bookshelf all locked in right time to
bounce on some sofas do you mind by of
course oh no that is not bouncy well but
plenty
work oh sorry after many bounces we
started to figure out what we wanted we
realized that a curved sofa was the best
way of keeping people close together for
both conversation and games but also
that the material matters with sofas the
two key types of cushioning are foam
which is cheaper it holds its shape
better and it's firmer and then feather
which really properly lets you sink in
but can start to look a little bit
scruffy over time after a lot of
searching though we found one which was
curved it was made with foam so it
retained its shape but it was really
soft foam so it almost had that
plushness of feather yes yes now we just
needed some lounge chairs to accompany
that sofa it's an instant plus two
points if something
swivels I like swiel chairs oh my God
actually really comfy and it rotate it's
actually really nice try it and this was
the moment we realized we just found our
Dream chair we also found a coffee table
that we absolutely loved we initially
came into this thinking that we wanted
something higher but having actually sat
around these low tables I could just see
all of the amazing board game nights we
could have gathered on the floor around
something cozy like this now we just
have to put it all together I sketched
out where I wanted everything to go
adding in a massive rug as well that
complemented the curve of the sofa and
also at this point realized that we
basically just turned our living room
into a smiley face what was very cool
though is that the company then in about
20 minutes turned that little handdrawn
sketch into an actual two-scale drawing
featuring the exact sizes of all the
pieces we picked all we needed now was a
bookcase to finish it all off I mean
this is is basically exactly what we've
been looking for just like giant Pokémon
statues everywhere who needs board games
and books but what colors do we go for
for all this stuff we're naturally bold
color people so this screams to me this
face right here says it all she asked me
to try again so I did we would probably
pick something
like bring in books and Decor like this
not main pieces and you know what this
was good advice drisha and I are both
naturally drawn to very bright colors
but I feel like if we'd actually gone
for the rainbow we initially came in
looking for our room would have lost a
lot of sophistication and there is one
more benefit of keeping things a little
more muted which I'm coming
to we slowly saw this room come together
over the next few weeks first the sofa
and the rug then the cabinet behind then
honestly the best part was filling it we
have had so many things boxed up for so
long you know wedding gifts games we've
been wanting to play and in one Fell
Swoop we've been able to get everything
out and then we managed to get in a few
extra additions things we didn't realize
we wanted initially and things that we
didn't even think we could fit into this
space and that leaves us with the final
product welcome to the living room and
instead of just going around and
pointing at stuff I think the best way
to show you just how cool this room is
is to show you the four key rules that
we've made sure we followed and why
those have paid off big time so this is
going to seem like a really strange
thing to say but number four is
neutrality we first came into this thing
wanting to plaster the entire room with
a rainbow of bold colors and if that's
your thing then you should by all means
go for it but the reason that I'm so
glad we ended up keeping all the key
pieces the rug the chest the sofas all a
little bit more reserved is that we can
rethe this room whenever we want to so
you can see right now we got a blue
theme going on here right
well not anymore all we have to do is to
swap a couple of plushies and the whole
mood of the room changes and there's two
pieces of tech that are making this
retheming so easy the first is the
Philips Hue Lights for which we've got
the two irises we bought in this cabinet
we've got the floor standing lamp in the
corner over there and then beneath the
sofa the Philips hue light strip and I
got to say if you were just going to do
one of these get the sofa light this one
strip makes such a difference to the
vibe of this room I mean it's mood
lighting while also elevating the design
of your
sofa
literally think half looks like it's
floating I guess because you would
expect there to be Shadow beneath that
so when instead you see light it makes
it look weightless we found that the
floor lamp is a little bit more
situational you need to have a corner
that you can stick it into you need to
have matching walls so that it doesn't
stick out like a sore thumb and you need
to have a nearby plug socket so that it
doesn't create a mess but do all of that
and I think it does add enough of a kick
of color to be worth the hassle the
Philips Hue irises are somewhere in
between the two I'd say they look just
as gorgeous as I was hoping they would
and I also love how the way that they're
angled upwards means that they give you
both lighting at eye level but also
Lighting on the ceiling above you which
means that together with the lights
underneath the sofa you're kind of
surrounded by whatever color theme we
decide to go for only thing I would say
is given how much of a chungus this
light actually is it's not putting out a
whole lot of light it could be a little
brighter and again so could I and then
the second part of this theming equation
is the Samsung frame TV and having used
this for a little bit of time now I have
thoughts so on one hand when you think
about it from an art perspective the
value proposition here is absolutely
insane you can very easily pay what this
TV costs for one painting the size of
this TV except if you go for this TV you
get unlimited art pieces that you can
change up in seconds now obviously it's
not exactly the same as discovering a
quaint little Art Shop finding a piece
you absolutely love and learning
everything about it but if all you
wanted to do was to display a bunch of
jpeg images then this TV does actually
make those jpegs look very much like
real art especially if you can find
images that have natural brush Strokes
in them and it doesn't even waste a lot
of energy the thing actually has sensors
built inside of it that are designed so
that the TV displays art when you're in
the room and then it gets rid of the art
and turns itself off when you're out of
the room with I would say about 97%
Effectiveness not to mention this is a
full-on 4K TV with internet with apps
with speakers and it's quite a good TV
at that I was very much expecting
compromised image quality cuz that's
what the early Samsung frames were like
but now we're at the 2024 generation it
feels pretty Flagship the only real
issue that I've had with it is with the
Samsung smart things app that you have
to use to put art onto it it feels quite
buggy and I've had nothing unfixable but
probably four to five times in the last
few weeks where the app is not doing
what I want it to but overall I would
say this is an A+ tier product now even
more important than all the colors and
the theming is if we actually wanted to
make this the perfect switch-off space
then how do we make it as relaxing and
as fun as possible so that's partly the
obvious thing of just keeping stuff we
like so a big part of that for me is as
you can probably tell all of this
Pokémon stuff I've been collecting for
the last 15 years Pokémon gets Prime
position in this cabinet apart from drer
who's right here this was a bunch of the
stuff that I used for my proposal which
I still can't quite to this day believe
we pulled off we've got all of our
favorite board games down here there's a
very early collection of limited edition
playing cards in here and then also just
generally while we have filled most of
the rooms in this house with sharp lines
everywhere because it makes things look
clean with this room in particular we
wanted to make sure it was filled with
curves because it makes it look
friendlier but then the other side to
this equation is how do you create the
systems to be able to have as much fun
as possible I know organize fun it's the
best kind so one thing that I'm very
proud of is this this is the drisha UR
gaming leaderboard so every single game
we play together goes on this side made
with tiles from Scrabble which is one of
the games by the way and then we spent a
while trying to find the most bedazzled
pins that we could use to represent each
Victory so purple is her blue is me and
we are uncannily close to 50/50 right
now but I think this is such a good idea
it adds so much tension to everything
you do together knowing that there will
be public humiliation when you lose and
then these frames going all the way
across the wall are for our holidays we
spent about 4 years trying to figure out
what souvenir we should collect when we
go away somewhere we love the idea of
getting something but it's just that for
us most mugs and fridge magnets just
feel a little bit like clutter So
eventually we decided let's just
immortalize the best photo we take and
that becomes our souvenir and it's just
really fun because it's like a subquest
every time you're away on holiday where
we are trying in the background to get
that Banger photo knowing that if we
love it enough there's a space for it
it's pillar number two though where
things start to get juicy convenience
how do you make the room as functional
as possible and as easy to use as
possible for people without making it
look tacky step one hide some Wireless
charges I love having friends over but
having had friends over for many many
years I've come to the realization that
the average person doesn't think as much
about bringing their charging cable with
them as us techies might and so I cannot
tell you how much of a relief it is
instead of having to go to the top floor
and rummage to find a cable with the
right connector to now just be able to
say hey pass me your phone drop it on
there and done because yeah each of
these pokeballs are actually 15 watt
fast wireless chargers oh yeah if you're
wondering by the way how I've hidden the
cables in this room two things I would
suggest one get cables as close to the
colors of your surface as possible so
for example everything that's wired in
in this cabinet uses a black cable and
everything that's against one of the
house walls uses white cables and then
two is these transparent sticky pads
this might just be the OCD part of my
brain talking but I absolutely love how
these can make sure that your cables are
running only in the very corners and
crevices and because they're transparent
they themselves practically disappear
I've shown you that we've got board
games what I haven't shown you is well
how you can take the nerdiness to a
whole other level so wherever possible
we've actually bought 3D printed inserts
to make sure that every piece inside has
a place both inside the box and also
outside when you're playing these drinks
tables have been absolute game changers
I wasn't completely sure when we first
got them but having used them now they
get used more than the main table cuz
they give you the freedom to sit
wherever you want to sit to have a drink
to hand and also to not worry about
spilling the thing cuz let me tell you
even though they don't look
it these bad boys are heavy we have
hidden an extension lead underneath the
sofa in case you need to charge a
Macbook although that is not encouraged
in this room and it will result in a
formal War morning but the single
biggest game changer for convenience is
something that you don't usually see
this is homie they're sponsoring this
video and from everything I've tested
this is the most intuitive way to
control your home cuz if you've ever
tried to make your own Home Smart before
there's a very good chance you have also
come to the realization that it's a mess
it feels like every other one of these
smart gadgets uses a different
communication standard and so they don't
talk to each other but homie brings them
all together into one app so I've
created an automation called fire side
mode it took me less than a minute to do
that by the way and when I tap this one
command the Philips Hue Lights all
change to Orange the room lights turn
off very quickly my turn it turns on the
scent diffuser which you'll notice is a
little different to the one we first
bought that Hotel Collection one was
great you'd actually be amazed how great
it smells on the dark side but we
started to realize that it was far
bigger than it needed to be for this
kind of space and that its remote was
the most fiddly non-smart little thing
that needed far too much manual control
so we swapped it out for the rituals
diffuser that's been a lot better better
and also happens to look amazing in the
homie app it even turns on the fireplace
which is bioethanol by the way so it
takes a second to get going but if you
are trying to build an indoor fireplace
it is the way to go it doesn't release
any smoke which is better for the
environment but also you and then it
also starts playing Smooth Jazz from
these absolute monoliths all of these
different devices being controlled
through well basically one button on one
app is absolutely insane and that brings
me to the number one part of this room
the media experience and there's more to
this than just the frame TV so first up
these are the Meridian DSP h000
xes it's just called them the meridians
we spent so much time back and forthing
on whether or not we should go for
speakers of this insane value but these
have ended up lifting this room so much
I think even from an aesthetic
standpoint these things look so cool
just futuristic and yet also really
clean but it's the sound that is
pristine to try and paint a very vague
picture the speakers that you have on
the very best iPhones have about 3 watts
of power the speakers that we put into
our biggest iPhone ever that were kitted
out to the Moon those were 400 WS These
Guys
3,840 wats these things have the base
power of Hi-Fi systems genuinely eight
times their size and it's so weird
listening to them because you're sitting
here and you're expecting to hear one
two speakers but what you're actually
hearing is this all-encompassing
surround sound because of how these
things are designed to fire well
actually most of their output sideways
but then this is the creme La Creme of
this room so open up homie again tap
movie mode which is the second
automation I've made and three things
happen the Phillips Hue Lights go to 50%
brightness and all turn red the Samsung
TV turns on and opens up Netflix and the
blinds come
down and honestly the best part of homie
Pro is that it works locally without the
cloud all with energy monitoring
insights and an entire community of
users all making insanely cool things
that you can do with your Home Products
so these blinds I spent a long time
searching for the right blinds for this
house and we ended up going for a
company called luxaflex which we got
from CP Interiors because obviously when
you bring your blinds down it's going to
reduce the amount of light coming in and
the amount of glare on your screen but
these things also have really good
acoustic properties so one part of that
is reducing the amount of outside noise
that comes in but the other part of that
is when you're sitting here watching a
movie reducing the amount of inside
noise that hits it and gets reflected
back at you it's enough of a difference
that even someone who's not completely
dialed into audio quality can straight
away tell there's much less Echo and the
sound is way more precise and now while
the sofas are cool and all this has to
be the greatest seat to sit and watch TV
in so long story short about 2 years ago
my mom was having some back pain so
after a lot of research I found a
massage chair from this company called
weon we thought it was absolutely insane
and then then just as we were putting
this room together we realized the same
company had released an upgraded model
called the Grand presidential that also
happened to perfectly match the neutral
color profile of everything else and I
genuinely think that this is the
greatest massage chair on the planet it
flips you into complete zero gravity it
massages almost every part of your body
from your neck to your toes even comes
around you to do your shoulders it's got
built-in heating it's got 140 airbags
for compression you got a privacy Hood
LED therapy and even built-in speakers
although we won't be using those for
obvious reasons and because the thing
doesn't just recline but actually
rotates on its axis it actually takes up
way less space than we thought it was
going to you know pretty much the entire
time when people are over at the house
we lose someone and then we realize 10
minutes later that it's because they're
sitting in this chair and that is the
dream living room I'll catch you during
the week for normal Tech videos and then
again on the weekend for the next
episode in the house series bye